>> Nina: To talk about objects,
let's talk about classes.
>> Nina: So,
>> Nina: Everything
in Python is an instance,
all the variables that we've been working
with have been instances of a class.
So,
>> Nina: For integers,
to make a new one I could just pass
in a number to the int constructor.
And if I check the type of that
we'll see that it's a class int.
>> Nina: Something we haven't done
is check the type of int itself.
It's a little bit different,
the class is a type.
>> Nina: Classes versus instances,
this OOP programming paradigms
structured around them.
You can think of a class as a type of
something, here the type is an int, or
you can think about specific
incidents of something like a car.
Or I'm sorry,
you can think of a specific class, or
category of something, lIke a car.
And then the instance is
the specific instance of something.
So here the int is the type, it's a class.
Whereas the int(5), this is now
an instance, this is the number 5.
So if my class was a car
you might think of
it being a specific thing like my Subaru.
>> Nina: All right,
a class is kind of like a template or
a recipe and
then you can use that to make new active
instances that have
specific values in them.
When you change the class
variable that's only gonna
change what's returned from
that variable for everything.
But if you change the value
of something in an instance,
you're not changing the type.
You're not changing the recipe.
You're only changing that
particular instance that you have.
So I'm gonna come back to this later.
It's a little bit confusing but
those of you who've been doing Python for
a while, you might have seen this soft
key word, peppered throughout code.
So let's talk a little
bit about what that does.
If I try to just put code in a new file,
no syntax highlighting.
So I have to save it.
>> Nina: I'm gonna save it as a cars.py.
>> Nina: Okay, so my class Car,
I have a class method her runs = True.
And start method here takes the name or
it takes the self.
>> Nina: And
I also wanted to take a name for my car.
>> Nina: This time I wanna show you that,
so self is associated with the instance.
If I wanted to save the name
that I pass into this method,
I would do that by
saying self.name = name.
>> Nina: And now I can say if
self.runs: print("Car is started"),
and I'm gonna put my f in here
this time and the name of the car.
>> Nina: Because name is passed into here,
we know that we'll have it.
But if we wanted access to
it in a method that didn't
necessarily take this as a parameter,
we can use self.name.
That'll will give other
methods access to it.
And then I can say,
otherwise print the f-string,
put the f in there now,
self.name, car is broken, no.
>> Nina: We'll talk about
imports a little bit more later.
I might have to restart my REPL,
in order to pick up this new file.
Now, I should be able to
do from cars import Car.
And if you all put those cars file in
your top-level directory you should
be able to do that as well or so,
>> Nina: Okay, now,
I can say I can check the type of car,
it's of class type.
I can look at car and see the value of
runs because that's a class variable.
But if I try to check car.name,
there's no attribute name
that's a instance attribute.
So I'm gonna make a new instance and
say my_subaru is a new car.
The type of my_subaru,
>> Nina: It's a instance of class
cars.car.
Now, I can say in my_subaru.runs and
passing the string subaru.
What is going on?
Pull object is not callable.
>> Speaker 2: You wanna call start.
>> Nina: Thank you so much.
Such a total brain fart.
Okay, my_subaru.start("Subaru").
There we go, ta-da.
So my Subaru car is started.
I know that when I tried
to check the type,
so Car.name, I got an error.
What if I ask for
my_subaru.name, what will I get?
The Subaru, right?
So that variable is associated with
the instance, not with the class type.